EmailTemplates/2024/artifact-submission-email-template.md, before:

Hello and congratulations on your accepted PoPETs [YYYY.I] paper!

PoPETs reviews and publishes digital artifacts related to its accepted
papers. This process aids in the reproducibility of results and allows
others to build on the work described in the paper. Artifact submissions
are requested from authors of all accepted papers, and although they are
optional, we strongly encourage you to submit your artifacts for review.

You can see a sampling of submitted artifacts from the 2020 issue of
PoPETs linked along with the papers on the website:
https://petsymposium.org/2020/program.php

The deadline for artifact submissions this round is [Deadline], the
same as the camera-ready deadline. Artifacts can include source code for
proofs of concept, measurements, simulations, datasets, and build
environments. Anything you can think of that would help other
researchers and developers of privacy enhancing technologies reproduce,
build upon, or deploy your research is encouraged.

For a detailed list of artifact submission guidelines, please see the artifacts
page on the PoPETs website: https://petsymposium.org/artifacts.php. Please note
that there are a few changes compared to last year:
* We are providing a [template](https://petsymposium.org/files/template.md) for
the README.md file. Please use it to help smoothen the reviewing process.
* This year, you will be able to choose one of the two badges to be evaluated on
"Available" or "Reproduced".

To submit your artifact, create an account on our artifact submission
site for [YYYY.I]: [Artifact HotCRP URL].
Please note that the abstract and pdf uploads are for the paper. The artifact
link should be provided under "Artifact links and brief description". 

Please let us know at <artifact-pets@petsymposium.org>  if you have any
questions or concerns!

Max and Pasin
PoPETs Artifact Chairs

Commit message:

Change wording around artifact appendix

EmailTemplates/2024/artifact-submission-email-template.md, after:

Hello and congratulations on your accepted PoPETs [YYYY.I] paper!

PoPETs reviews and publishes digital artifacts related to its accepted
papers. This process aids in the reproducibility of results and allows
others to build on the work described in the paper. Artifact submissions
are requested from authors of all accepted papers, and although they are
optional, we strongly encourage you to submit your artifacts for review.

You can see a sampling of submitted artifacts from the 2020 issue of
PoPETs linked along with the papers on the website:
https://petsymposium.org/2020/program.php

The deadline for artifact submissions this round is [Deadline], the
same as the camera-ready deadline. Artifacts can include source code for
proofs of concept, measurements, simulations, datasets, and build
environments. Anything you can think of that would help other
researchers and developers of privacy enhancing technologies reproduce,
build upon, or deploy your research is encouraged.

For a detailed list of artifact submission guidelines, please see the artifacts
page on the PoPETs website: https://petsymposium.org/artifacts.php. Please note
that there are a few changes compared to last year:
* This year, you will be able to choose one of the two badges to be evaluated on
"Available" or "Reproduced".
* We are providing a [template](https://petsymposium.org/files/template.md) for
the artifact appendix. Please fill in as much information as possible and upload
it with your submission.

To submit your artifact, create an account on our artifact submission
site for [YYYY.I]: [Artifact HotCRP URL].
Please note that the abstract and pdf uploads are for the paper. The artifact
link should be provided under "Artifact links and brief description". 

Please let us know at <artifact-pets@petsymposium.org>  if you have any
questions or concerns!

Max and Pasin
PoPETs Artifact Chairs
