EmailTemplates/2024/direct_committee_invitation.md, before:

Thank you again for all your hard work on the PoPETs artifact committee. 

In the 2023 of this process, there were 61 total artifacts submitted,
and an average of 3 reviews per committee member, with a maximum of 2
assigned reviews per committee member each round.

We're hoping you'll join us in doing this again next year.
The deadlines and review periods for the upcoming year are similar to last
year's and we expect the review load to remain the same.

Similar to last year, there are four issues for PETS 2024. 
For each issue, the bidding period for artifacts starts 2-3 weeks after the
author notification date, which can be found [here](https://petsymposium.org/cfp24.php).
The review period will then start approximately one week after that and will
last for three weeks. The details of the review process can be found [here](https://petsymposium.org/artifacts.php).
The main change in the reviewing process this year is that we allow the authors
to choose between one of two badges: "Available" and "Reproduced". In the former
case, the reviewers will not be asked to rerun the experiments. Furthermore, we
are using a more standardized form for the README.md file in the submission. We
hope that these changes will help smoothen the process and reduce the workload
of the reviewers further.

Please reply to this email to let us know by August 24, 2024 if you're willing
to serve on the artifact committee this upcoming year.

Thank you again for your hard work in making this artifact review process
possible!

Max and Pasin
PoPETs 2024 Artifact Chairs

Commit message:

Reword the template part of invitation emails

EmailTemplates/2024/direct_committee_invitation.md, after:

Thank you again for all your hard work on the PoPETs artifact committee. We
would like to invite you to be part of the PoPETs artifact committee for the
upcoming year 2024. 

In the year 2023 of this process, there were 61 total artifacts submitted,
and an average of 3 reviews per committee member, with a maximum of 2
assigned reviews per committee member each round.

We're hoping you'll join us in doing this again next year.
The deadlines and review periods for the upcoming year are similar to last
year's and we expect the review load to remain the same.

Similar to last year, there are four issues for PETS 2024. 
For each issue, the bidding period for artifacts starts 2-3 weeks after the
author notification date, which can be found [here](https://petsymposium.org/cfp24.php).
The review period will then start approximately one week after that and will
last for three weeks. The details of the review process can be found [here](https://petsymposium.org/artifacts.php).
The main change in the reviewing process this year is that we allow the authors
to choose between one of two badges: "Available" and "Reproduced". In the former
case, the reviewers will not be asked to rerun the experiments. Furthermore, we
are providing a more [standardized form](https://petsymposium.org/files/template.md) for the authors to fill in during the
submission. We hope that these changes will help smoothen the process and reduce
the workload of the reviewers further.

Please reply to this email to let us know by August 24, 2024 if you're willing
to serve on the artifact committee this upcoming year.

Thank you again for your hard work in making this artifact review process
possible!

Max and Pasin
PoPETs 2024 Artifact Chairs
