EmailTemplates/artifact-submission-email-template.md, before:

Subject: Invitation to submit artifact for %TITLEHINT%

Dear author(s),

Hello and congratulations on your accepted PoPETs 2025 paper!

%TITLE%
%URL%/paper/%NUMBER%

PoPETs reviews and publishes digital artifacts related to its accepted papers. This process aids in the reproducibility of results and allows others to build on the work described in the paper. Artifact submissions are requested from authors of all accepted papers, and although they are optional, we strongly encourage you to submit your artifacts for review.

Artifacts can include source code for proofs of concept, measurements, simulations, datasets, and build environments. Anything you can think of that would help other researchers and developers of privacy enhancing technologies reproduce, build upon, or deploy your research is encouraged.

For a detailed list of artifact submission guidelines, please see the artifacts page on the PoPETs website: https://petsymposium.org/artifacts.php

You can see a sampling of submitted artifacts from the 2024 issue of PoPETs linked along with the papers on the website:
https://petsymposium.org/2024/program.php

The deadline for artifact submissions this round is:

  **Friday, 13 December 2024 at 23:59 AoE**.

To submit your artifact, create an account on our artifact submission
site for 2025.2: 
  > https://artifact.petsymposium.org/artifact2025.2/ 

The next deadlines are:

Submission Deadline:          Dec 13th 2024
Bidding Deadline:             Dec 20th 2024
Review Deadline:              Jan 13th 2025
Artifact Finalized Deadline:  Jan 31st 2025

We have ensured that none of the deadlines fall on the holidays. That being said, please actively respond to reviewers' comments at your earliest convenience, so that your artifact can be awarded badge(s) by the Artifact Finalized Deadline.

Please let us know at <artifact25@petsymposium.org>  if you have any concerns with meeting these deadlines, or, have any questions regarding the process.

Miti and Max
PoPETs Artifact Chairs

Commit message:

Added note about submitting to later deadline

EmailTemplates/artifact-submission-email-template.md, after:

Subject: Invitation to submit artifact for %TITLEHINT%

Dear author(s),

Hello and congratulations on your accepted PoPETs 2025 paper!

%TITLE%
%URL%/paper/%NUMBER%

PoPETs reviews and publishes digital artifacts related to its accepted papers. This process aids in the reproducibility of results and allows others to build on the work described in the paper. Artifact submissions are requested from authors of all accepted papers, and although they are optional, we strongly encourage you to submit your artifacts for review.

Artifacts can include source code for proofs of concept, measurements, simulations, datasets, and build environments. Anything you can think of that would help other researchers and developers of privacy enhancing technologies reproduce, build upon, or deploy your research is encouraged.

For a detailed list of artifact submission guidelines, please see the artifacts page on the PoPETs website: https://petsymposium.org/artifacts.php

You can see a sampling of submitted artifacts from the 2024 issue of PoPETs linked along with the papers on the website:
https://petsymposium.org/2024/program.php

The deadline for artifact submissions this round is:

  **Friday, 13 December 2024 at 23:59 AoE**.

To submit your artifact, create an account on our artifact submission
site for 2025.2: 
  > https://artifact.petsymposium.org/artifact2025.2/ 

The next deadlines are:

Submission Deadline:          Dec 13th 2024
Bidding Deadline:             Dec 20th 2024
Review Deadline:              Jan 13th 2025
Artifact Finalized Deadline:  Jan 31st 2025

We have ensured that none of the deadlines fall on the holidays. That being said, please actively respond to reviewers' comments at your earliest convenience, so that your artifact can be awarded badge(s) by the Artifact Finalized Deadline.

Please let us know at <artifact25@petsymposium.org> if you have any concerns with meeting these deadlines and would like to submit to a later deadline, or, have any questions regarding the process.

Miti and Max
PoPETs Artifact Chairs
